Welcome to RemuApp

What is RemuApp?

RemuApp is a tool to make the visual managing of music performances easy.
It makes possible to command multiple screens with one computer.

How to use RemuApp?

Starting steps

1. Start the App with your computer and the computers that will show the visual show.
2. Select "Master" for the computer that will be the one you will use during the show to handle the others.
3. Select "Slave" for the other computers. These ones will be managed by your master computer. The other computers
  can also be substituted with Rasberry pie 3s.

Making a presentation

In master-mode, you can make a new presentation by typing the name into the text field and pressing "New Presentation".
Then you can import files to this new presentation by going to "import files" and there selecting files and checking
the box corresponding to the presentation you want the files imported to. You can also import files to already made
presentations.

Modifying a presentation

You can also switch the positions of the files within an opened presentation in the master view, by double clicking a
file in the presentation's file timeline and dragging it to it's new presentation position.
You can also remove a presentation by clicking "Remove presentation" in master-mode and checking the presentations to be
removed and confirming.

Saving an opening a presentation

You can save your made presentations, by clicking "Save project" in  master mode. You can name your project and press
"Save". To open an existing group of presentations click "Open project" in master mode and select your saved project.
A project consists of one or more presentations.

Connecting presentations with slaves

By starting RemuApp with other machines, and choosing the Slave mode, they automatically signal your master computer
of their existence. Now that you have some presentations done, you can connect a slave to a presentation you want it to
show. Click the name of a presentation on your master computer. This opens up a list of all the possible slaves you
can give this presentation to. Check one and press confirm. Now the presentation is sent to the chosen slave machine.
If you want, you can repeat this process with all the slaves available until all slaves have something to present.

Showing project

So, you have made a presentation and sent it to its corresponding slave. All that is left is to show your project!
If all the steps have been done correctly, the "Start presentation" -button on your master computer should be available
now. When you press it, the presentation will begin. You will see in green, which one of the files is being shown at
the moment and you can proceed with the presentation by clicking the "Show next"- button.
After the last file is shown the presentation will end. Congratulations, now you have used the RemuApp:)